What's the last lie you told?
What bridges are you glad that you burned?
If you could write anyone on Earth in for President of the United States, who would it be and why?
What's the meanest thing you've ever said to someone else?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
What's one thing you'd do if you knew there no consequences?
What's the craziest thing you've done in front of a mirror?
What's the meanest thing you've ever said about someone else?
What's something you love to do with your friends that you'd never do in front of your partner?
Who are you most jealous of?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Have you ever faked sick to get out of a party?
Who's the oldest person you've dated?
How many selfies do you take a day?
Meatloaf says he'd do anything for love, but he won't do "that." What's your "that?"
How many times a week do you wear the same pants?
Would you date your high school crush today?
Where are you ticklish?
Do you believe in any superstitions? If so, which ones?
What's one movie you're embarrassed to admit you enjoy?
What's your most embarrassing grooming habit?
When's the last time you apologized? What for?
How do you really feel about the Twilight saga?
Where do most of your embarrassing odors come from?
Have you ever considered cheating on a partner?
Have you ever cheated on a partner?
Boxers or briefs?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
What's the weirdest place you've ever grown hair?
If you were guaranteed to never get caught, who on Earth would you murder?
What's the cheapest gift you've ever gotten for someone else?
What app do you waste the most time on?
What's the weirdest thing you've done on a plane?
Have you ever been nude in public?
How many gossip blogs do you read a day?
What is the youngest age partner you'd date?
Have you ever picked your nose in public?
Have you ever lied about your age?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
What's your most embarrassing late-night purchase?
What's the longest you've gone without showering?
Have you ever used a fake ID?
Who's your hall pass?
Be honest: Do you have a favorite child/person/sibling?
Which of your family members annoys you the most and why?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What's your biggest pet peeve about the person to your left?
What's the most embarrassing text in your phone right now?
Have you ever seen a dead body?
What celebrity do you think is overrated?
Have you ever lied to your boss?
Have you ever stolen something from work?
What's the longest you've gone without brushing your teeth?
What's your biggest regret in life?
Who would you hate to see naked?
Describe the weirdest thing you've ever done while inebriated.
Have you ever re-gifted a present?
Would you break up with your partner for $1 million?
Have you ever had a crush on a coworker?
Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?
What's the smallest tip you've ever left at a restaurant?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush or partner's attention?
What's one job you could never do?
Have you ever ghosted a friend?
Have you ever ghosted a partner?
What's the most scandalous photo in your cloud?
If you switched genders for a day, what would you do?
How many photo editing apps do you have on your phone?
How many pairs of granny panties do you own?
What are your favorite and least favorite of your body parts?
When's the last time you got dumped?
What's the most childish thing you still do?
When's the last time you dumped someone?
If you had to pick someone in this room to be your partner on a game show, who would it be and why?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
Have you ever lied for a friend?
Name one thing you'd change about every person in this room.
When's the last time you made someone else cry?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of a crowd?
If you could become invisible, what's the worst thing you'd do?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the floor before eating it?
What's one thing in your life you wish you could change?
If you could date two people at once, would you do it? If so, who?
What's something that overwhelms you?
What was the greatest day of your life?
What's one useless skill you'd love to learn anyway?
If I went through your cabinets, what's the weirdest thing I'd find?
Have you ever farted and blamed it on someone else?
What's the worst thing you've ever done at work?
How many people have you kissed?
What's your number?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
What is the worst argument you’ve ever gotten in?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Is there anything about your life that you’d like to change?
What is the most inappropriate time you’ve laughed?
What is the strangest food combination that you love?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is comfort movie or television show?
What songs make up the soundtrack of your life?
What is the worst thing you’ve ever done at school?
Who was your best kiss ever?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
Have you ever sent a sext?
What’s the worst trouble you’ve ever been in?
What’s the grossest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
What is something you regret lying about?
What is the worst emotional pain you’ve ever experienced?
If you could trade lives with anyone in this room, who would it be?
If you could have dinner with anyone dead or alive, who would it be?
What is your dream career?
What scares you the most about life after high school?
What’s the most fun you’ve ever had?
Who is your biggest role model?
How would you describe your sense of style on a scale from 1-10?
How would you describe yourself in three words?
What is one conspiracy theory that you actually believe?
Who is the first person you text when you receive good news? Bad news?